[docs] Add Gen AI policy in readme and contributing file (#2233)
sustainable-computing-io/kepler: CONTRIBUTING.md

- Familiarize yourself with the project structure by exploring the repository
- Read our [GOVERNANCE.md](GOVERNANCE.md) and [MAINTAINERS.md](MAINTAINERS.md) documents

## Gen AI policy

> Our project follow [Linux foundation Gen AI policy](https://www.linuxfoundation.org/legal/generative-ai).

Reviewer: follow -> follows but .. how about?

```suggestion
Our project adheres to the Linux Foundation's Generative AI Policy, which can be viewed at [https://www.linuxfoundation.org/legal/generative-ai](https://www.linuxfoundation.org/legal/generative-ai).
```
